Add LSP/DAP configuration section on external editors (#7948)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/editor/external_editor.rst

- `Visual Studio Code <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-vscode-plugin>`_
- `Emacs <https://github.com/godotengine/emacs-gdscript-mode>`_

LSP/DAP support
---------------

> Godot supports the `Language Server Protocol <https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/>`_ (**LSP**) for code completion and the `Debug Adapter Protocol <https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/>`_ (**DAP**) for debugging. You can check the `LSP client list <https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/implementors/tools/>`_ and `DAP client list <https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/implementors/tools/>`_ to find if your editor supports them, and if yes, you should be able to take advantage of these features without the need of a custom plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Godot supports the `Language Server Protocol <https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/>`_ (**LSP**) for code completion and the `Debug Adapter Protocol <https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/>`_ (**DAP**) for debugging. You can check the `LSP client list <https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/implementors/tools/>`_ and `DAP client list <https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/implementors/tools/>`_ to find if your editor supports them. If this is the case, you should be able to take advantage of these features without the need of a custom plugin.
```

To use these protocols, a Godot instance must be running on your current project. You should then configure your editor to communicate to the running adapter ports in Godot, which by default are ``6005`` for **LSP**, and ``6006`` for **DAP**. You can change these ports and other settings in the **Editor Settings**, under the **Network > Language Server** and **Network > Debug Adapter** sections respectively.

Below are some configuration steps for specific editors:

> - Visual Studio Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio Code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

You need to install the official `Visual Studio Code plugin <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-vscode-plugin>`_.

For **LSP**, follow `these instructions <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-vscode-plugin#gdscript_lsp_server_port>`_ to change the default LSP port. The connection status can be checked on the status bar:

.. image:: img/lsp_vscode_status.png

For **DAP**, specify the ``debugServer`` property in your ``launch.json`` file:

.. code-block:: json

    {
        "version": "0.2.0",
        "configurations": [
            {
                "name": "GDScript Godot",
                "type": "godot",
                "request": "launch",
                "project": "${workspaceFolder}",
                "port": 6007,
                "debugServer": 6006,
            }
        ]
    }

> - Emacs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emacs
^^^^^
```
